
Ammonite and Trilobite fossil naming
	All fossils barring Ammonite and Trilobite fossils have fossil after their names.

Barrel stacking
	One of the barrel types are stacked in an ocean dungeon, but the top one breaks because they are not setup for it.
	The other barrel type should also be changed to be consistent.

Club Lights wiring node placement
	Wiring nodes on Club Lights float far above the lights.
	It was mentioned on discord that fixing this would break wiring for existing lights, but in-game testing shows that it is fine to change it.

Floran Player Ship T7 missing wall
	The upper level is made much wider at T7 but no temporary hazard block wall is placed during the upgrade.

Floran Survivalist Clothing NPC consistency
	Floran Survivalist clothing Is a starter option for Floran and can be crafted by Floran players, but it is not used by any NPCs.

Head item masks
	While some of the mask changes could be considered subjective, all of them make hair show up where I would expect it to.

Human Techstation lit sprite
	techstationlit.png has strange inconsistencies with other techstation lit sprites and looks off in-game.

Human and Avian Female Body line art
	A single pixel in the sixth running frame that other female and all male sprites have shaded is not.

Kelp drop consistency
	Toxic Kelp can drop saplings, but no other kelp type can.

Novakid Player Ship T5 missing roof
	The second train car has its height doubled at T5 but no temporary hazard block roofis placed during the upgrade.

Parallax fixes
	Fixes every known issue with parallax.
	Credit for Parallax fixes goes to
	Dracyoshi  https://community.playstarbound.com/members/dracyoshi.505/
	and xaliber https://community.playstarbound.com/members/xaliber.767633/

Player Ship door dupe option 1
	Makes the T0 player ships use the broken door, which cannot be broken.
	Rebooting SAIL will replace it with the normal version.

Player Ship door dupe option 2
	Makes the T1 player ships not place a new door.
	I personally like option 1 more.

Sewing Machine miscolored pixels
	Two pixels on the bottom of one frame are darker than the rest.

Suspender Pants hole in shoe
	Two pixels are missing from a shoe in a running frame.

Tentacle Tree drop set to zero
	The Tentacle Tree has a drop but it is set to zero.

Thorny Plant sprite
	The first frame looks like it was copy/pasted with one pixel of offset.
	It appears an attempt was made to fix it in one of the 1.4.x updates but it was not cleaned up entirely

Timber miscolored pixel
	The yellow frame has a purple pixel.

Trailblazer's Greaves miscolored pixels
	Some pixels from the running and crouching frames appear to be the wrong color.

Typos
	Fixes several typos.

Watering Can stack size
	The Wooden Watering Can and Watering Can have different stack size limits. (1 and over 100)
